the great why is it okay for women to
say oh you're five feet our dating sites
we should be dead that's okay women in
general have settled on dating sites you
think I'm making that [__] up and attack
that if you were unaware was bagel boss
guy this clip went viral a few months
ago and besides being the epitome of
Long Island culture it started a
conversation about short men they
apparently got it bad and because of
this I started seeing the word height
ISM be thrown around on ironically so is
height ISM a real thing give me a minute
to get into today's sponsor and we will
get back to that question forget
everything you know about mobile games
because one of the most ambitious RPG
projects of 2019 has just been released
introducing raid shadow legends raid is
the most immersive experience you will
find on a smartphone and it can only be
compared to the biggest PC and console
titles today and the best part it's free
it's got an amazing storyline awesome 3d
graphics giant boss oh Jesus crying
hundreds of champions to collect and
customize
I honestly didn't know my smartphone was
capable of this I was still over here
playing snake what I like about this
game is that everybody can find
something that they like some love the
live combat with other players some like
the deep storyline personally I like
collecting all the different characters
my favorite champion so far is probably
sniper because let's be real that outfit
is on point with over 300,000 reviews
raid has almost a perfect score on the
Play Store the game is growing super
fast and check out this cool road map
they published new faction a new tag
team arena and even a new clan boss they
have huge plans for updates in the game
for over six months
so there's infinite content for you to
enjoy you'll be able to find me in the
game under the name shoe on raid so go
in the video description click on the
link and you will get 50,000 silver and
a free epic champion as part of our new
player program so good luck and maybe
I'll see you there
thank you so much to raid for sponsoring
this video now let's get back to talking
about the man looks it really feels like
short guys are the one thing it's like
universally acceptable to make fun of yo
Karen you're fat dude not cool hey yo
Jimmy you got a big nose dude low blow
hey Jason your short inject that comedy
into my veins I am a hundred percent
guilty of this I've joked about short
guys before I've made manlet jokes I
still make manlet jokes nobody here is
free from sin but when you think about
it it is kind of [__] up how it be
like that
Karen can lose weight Jimmy can get a
nose job Jason
can't grow taller well unless you do
your height exercises making fun of
someone's height is in a way not to be
dramatic because I know this isn't the
same but it's in a way like making fun
of somebody's skin color it's something
somebody can't change unless you're
Michael Jackson or Rachel dozle so is
height ISM a real thing is a woman
choosing not to date a short guy because
of his height height ISM
No thank you for coming to my TED talk
goodbye just like someone choosing not
to date a blonde person a brunette
person a fat person a skinny person
these are all just preferences and
there's nothing wrong with preferences
nobody is owed a relationship
nobody is owed sex that is until I
become president and everybody gets
three universal girlfriends and
boyfriends shoot 2020 make America very
okay again I think hookup culture and
dating apps are really not helping this
at all I think they have a lot to do
with how miserable everybody is about
dating nowadays because with dating apps
it's literally like window shopping
people are just like pixels on a screen
to you and you just swipe them away if
you don't like the way they look
literally just judging a book by it's
cover
it really desensitize us people because
like all you have to go by is their
picture and like a tiny little bio
that's like Brooke 20 loves dogs
no guys under 7 foot 10 please so just
judging by dating apps alone you think
nobody under 6 foot 4 has ever gotten
laid ever
I need a frickin circus freak if you eat
in the Guinness Book of World Records
hey I didn't know what my fiance looked
like when I started talking to him and
when I got a crush on him and when I
found out he was a 6-3 hunk of Canadian
beef it was a bonus but would I still
love him if he was a 5:3 hunk of
Canadian beef of course and almost every
woman I've talked to about this feels
the exact same way just like big old
titties or a nice booty or a bonus a lot
of women think tallness is a bonus and
just like a lot of dudes think big
titties are a must a lot of women think
being tall is a must it's preference a
lot of guys who are short will put
literally all the blame of them not
getting laid or getting into a
relationship on their height which
really isn't the truth plenty of short
guys are in relationships if you are
getting girls like oh you're not 6-3
buying fuck'em it also has a lot to do
with women wanting to feel submissive
and protected men like to feel like
they're dominant and protective but
let's be real daaamn energy exceeds
Heights so on Twitter I asked my
followers girls and guys what their
experience with dating and height is
like most of them are women like I said
a saying that tallness is a bonus and
they dated guys shorter than them or
they're currently dating a guy shorter
than them a lot of men like I suspected
saying that they get turned down on
dating apps because of their height a
lot of men saying women dead-ass to
their face told them I would date you if
you were taller I'm 5 3 while I haven't
had that much trouble when it comes to
being short
once I was told to my face that with my
personality if I was taller I'd be at
10:10 and she would date me I'm 5 - and
when I was younger a girl I really liked
told me I would date you only if you
were taller that's like the exact same
energy is being like I would date you if
you weren't Hispanic I'm so sorry
like I would date you if you were white
but you're brown like what I'm 5/6 and
I've had no problems dating I've even
had multiple girls ask me out
however a girl once called me hot but
then immediately followed up with I'd
[__] you if you were 6 inches taller I
told her that I can grow 6 and she's
longer but she wasn't happening see hey
that is a short king the amount of women
that have stopped responding to me on
those online dating apps after I say I'm
511 is more than I can count on two
hands see a lot of dating profiles but 5
9 or shorter need not apply I've been
pretty insecure about my height not been
rejected face to face but in terms of
online dating I've seen dozens of
profiles with the exact coat what do you
call guys under 6-foot friends see this
is what I mean what shallow ass [__]
goes on on dating apps I'm six eight
this has set up a very weird dynamic to
dating I honestly get objectified on
dating apps by some women overall it's
likely helped me get more dates but
maybe not the right ones tall guys are
literally being fetishized
can't make this up there were some women
who even said they prefer short guys I'm
5'4 and I found I'm nearly always drawn
to men shorter than me my boyfriend is
five too and I think that's hot as [__]
I've dated tall men but their stature
alone doesn't really do it for me the
way a shorter man's does I've never had
an issue and I've only been rejected
because of height once and my
experienced confidence goes a long way
the shorter the man the closer to the
[__] god bless a lot of people saying
it doesn't matter that I'm short because
I'm also ugly
there were also tall girls in the thread
talking about their experience and how
insecure they are about their height
because most men even tall men want
short girls so it's just all kinds of
[__] up a lot of gay guys were
replying saying that when you're a short
bottom it's like a blessing which again
falls into the hole sub Dom dynamic
short men aren't seen as dominant short
men aren't seen as manly five six can't
even get matches on tinder or Bumble
people constantly reminding me how short
I am and when they do it it almost feels
like I'm being called ugly there are
many things that I've seen in red that
make me feel less of a man for being
short
I'm 5/3 and my uncle didn't care that's
enough of you guys but what do the smart
people have to say about this what does
science have to say about this well in a
study that all have linked down below in
general women prefer men taller than
themselves and men prefer women shorter
than themselves so tall girls got it bad
too
because men on average are usually
taller than women on average the chance
of a woman being taller than the man
she's in a relationship is apparently
two out of a hundred times not only do
men and women prefer that the male is
taller in the relationship they also
prefer the male to be not too tall so
link let's get out I guess the shorter
the guy the shorter they want their
partner the taller the woman the taller
they want their partner I don't know why
this is because look at frogs for
example that [__] big so yeah
there's also a chart that I don't know
how to read I love science so I ask
people on Twitter but I'd love to know
your opinion on YouTube what are your
personal experiences with height and
dating whether you're a man woman
straight gay whatever I'd also really
like to see response videos I kind of
miss response videos that weren't just
like epic pwnage and we're just like
people having a conversation adding
their point of view and adding points
they want to make that was fun I miss
old YouTube so yeah manlet is a mindset
short kings rise up amazon goddesses
rise up average boring people rise up
and I will see you guys next time
[Music]
being short hasn't stopped me from
destroying women in the bedroom with
facts and logic